feat: cache instantiated plugins and resolve realm-specific properties (#1716)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/flat-days-train.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": minor
---

> Added resolving of plugin properties specific to the Reunite-hosted product family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a mechanism that resolves plugin properties specific to the Reunite-hosted product family.
```
